let's talk business this guy comes to
town every Tuesday
are you free Thursday yeah I'm free
Tuesday you can't stop what you can't
see this guy came from the outside it
was a problem it was fast
in the art of the kill Leon was the
master somebody's coming up somebody
serious
he'd never missed a hit
he'd never got caught you're
indestructible bullets slide off do you
play with them and above all else he
never had a reason to care until now
I like these car metal mounts before the
storm
my family was shut down by DEA officers
three kids here one of them is missing
partner from the director of La Femme
Nikita help we all died - no I can feel
an innocent girl with no one else to
turn to
what exactly do you do for a living Gina
you mean your hit man
[Music]
I wanna get those dirtbags kills my
brother with someone to finally believe
in change anger remember that Leon I
will
they're about to come face-to-face with
the cop who's crossed the line bring me
everyone I mean everyone
[Music]